We're gonna talk about the 50 reasons
why you should be using TypeScript.
Reason number one, I'm just kidding.
So I know some of you when we're talking
about TypeScript, a lot of you probably
heard a lot of, well, talks about the many
reasons why TypeScript should be used.
However, for me personally,
I've always found TypeScript to be, well,
a little bit, it always felt a little bit
scary to get into because when people
talked about it, they were talking about
all in migrations, that kind of stuff.
So when I designed this workshop,
I really designed it for
people who really have been curious to
use TypeScript with Vue for a long time.
And especially with v2, it was kind of
hard to do that because it felt like
you're doing hacks a lot of the time.
So then people were fighting
with TypeScript and
it ultimately wasn't a great experience.
On the other hand, on the other spectrum
when it comes to who this workshop is for,
we have people who've been
itching to use TypeScript, right?
And so they want to learn the fundamentals
of how they work together.
And everyone else in between this,
this is who the workshop is designed for.
It's to give you all really a flavor
of what Vue with TypeScript is like.
But the key thing to understand though,
is that this is not a workshop that's
designed to make you
an expert in TypeScript.
There are plenty of other wonderful
resources on the FrontEnd Masters workshop
platform.
So if you want to get like a really
deep dive into TypeScript,
be sure to check those out.
But we'll really be focusing
on integrations and
getting people up to speed.
So even if you don't know any TypeScript,
that is totally fine,
you'll be at home here.
Okay, so once again,
just kind of reiterate,
TypeScript has taken the front
end ecosystem by storm.
But again, from my perspective, a lot of
times when we have these popular tools,
people do that whole,
like when you're holding a hammer,
everything looks like a nail.
So everyone wants to put
TypeScript with everything.
There are issues with that.
And so I remember just listening to
all these talks and thinking, well,
something's kind of not right.
Is it really as wonderful as it is given
that people would talk about all these
theoretical benefits they would get?
And then at the end of the day,
they were fighting all these,
whether it's type inferences,
all that fun stuff.
And so
the whole premise of the workshop for
me was what if we could just use
TypeScript without going all in on it?
How can we progressively move towards it,
use what works well without feeling like
it's like the gospel for all code bases.
And so the key thing to remember as we go
through the rest of this workshop is that
your code is not inferior because
you don't use TypeScript.
I feel like sometimes a lot of
times it is spoken in that way.
That if you're not using TypeScript,
somehow you're like behind the curve.
And at the end of the day we have
to remember that TypeScript,
like a lot of other tools in text,
they come with trade offs.
And the key thing is whether or not it's
solving problems for you and your team.
If you and your team have perfect
tests and everything's working and
there's no reason to move to TypeScript,
you shouldn't feel pressure to.
So I think that's just a key thing
to remember as we talk about this.